At a distant, finished time, the gender-nonconforming human Kikon existed at a house of much smallness. At their side the feminine lover human Sansu and the child was present. Their group was alone and at a distance of other people and other things. 

Kikon really loved lover Sansu and the child. Know this: All people communicate their love using different methods. At times people communicate love using words. At times people communicate their love using gifts. But Kikon communicated their love towards lover Sansu and the child using labour. They were unable to not work. The child was very small and could not work. Lover Sansu was bodily destroyed and could not work. Therefore Kikon worked ah. They tracked down animals and fruit and raised plants and birds and retrieved good drinking water and improved the house and did all the work. But this was not bad to Kikon. Kikon wanted ah to communicate their love to lover Sansu and to the child. Using much labour Kikon was able to give their massive love to their group.  

When Kikon was working, Kikon's lover Sansu and child were doing what? At two finished years a large hard thing destroyed Sansu's back and happened this: she cannot use her legs. But still Sansu worked of her ability. She and the child amused. Sansu gave language knowledge and method knowledge to the child and made cloth from string using hands. Additionally she divinely communicated a lot. She talked to the gods at all times. She talked of good desires and talked of pleasant desires and talked of protection desires. When lover Kikon arrived she talked of love desires. Lover Kikon didn't communicate much so this was a little bad towards Sansu. But they both continued to love powerfully at their small house at the plant area's insides. 

At one night, Kikon was hunting a large black bird. They powerfully delivered a death stick to the sky using a emittence tool. The stick attacked the bird's organ of locomotion so the bird went down. The bird continued to not be dead. Kikon came to be located at the bird's side and held a large cutting tool. But the bird spoke. "O Kikon." It cawed. "Do not kill me. When you kill me, bad will come."

But Kikon felt afraid because of the bird's communication and did not listen. Using very little time they killed the bird. At death a bluish yellowish reddish essence came to be located at all of their sides. Kikon felt this: their skin was very cold. Their head felt destoyed. Their eyes were strange. Their ears were battlingly intense. Bad feeling! They came to be having the bird's body and moved again towards their home. 

The light was not in the sky. Everything was dark. They arrived again in the house... But ah. The large black bird truly communicated this: Bad will come. When reptile Kikon looked at human Sansu and the child a powerful fire summoned from the back of their mouth. Reptile Kikon did not want to emit the fire. But they did not rule. Sansu and the child came to be dead in the fire. Reptile Kikon's heart was destroyed. They could not feel this: They were real. 

Bluish reptile Kikon's two legs moved at all places. Bluish reptile Kikon's fire mouth killed many people. Human Kikon was not present. They died in the fire at human Sansu's side and at their child's side. 

Bad was only. 